Data "Fight like a warrior !"
Data "My blade will answer you."
Data "Do they pay you more for abusing ?"
'defence 
Data "I wonder how much I will get for your scalp ?"
Data "There is no good news for you."
Data "You stink of carrion man."
'PANIC 
Data "I clubbed many curious."
Data "Don't be interested."
Data "Die you monster !"
'peace 
Data "Everything as before."
Data "Nothing interesting."
Data "Nothing."
Data "Villagers are good decoy for animals."
Data "You'd better not go to swaps. Deuced beasts live there."
Data "A Shopkeeper will pay any price for mole's root. You can find it only in the swaps."
Data "You can find stones to catapults in the mountains."
Data "Caves are worth penetrating. Gold lies about everywhere."
Data "Avoid Chaos warriors. I saw them slaughtering selective squads."
Data "Mind your steps in the forest. You can find valuable herbs."
Data "Gargoyl's fell is worth fortune."
Data "Watch gargoyls. This little beast can cut a man with one snap of its teeth."
Data "A bottle of healing mixture can save your life during the a battle."
Data "Nothing heals wounds as well as bay leaves."
Data "Don't go to glociers without shoes or clothes."
Data "Elves are the best archers."
Data "Don't eat too much herbs. Their power is delusive."
Data "Many daredevils didn't come back from swamps."
Data "Castor-herbs are a bit poisonous but they add to speed."
Data "I recommend mole's root."
Data "Hog's meat is nutritious."
Data "It's getting worse, taxes go up, groups of skeletors ravage the area, infuriated wolves approach the houses and attack our herds."
Data "Great spiders can throw down with one bite even an ogre."
Data "You haven't seen much if you haven't seen skirial."
Data "It's useful to have about three villagers in the squad to find a way through swaps."
'join us ! 
Data "Never !"
Data "No way !"
Data "I don't speak to greenhorns."
Data "I'll do that but you have to pay me."
Data "It's a great honour to serve under your command, my Lord."
'gime ya monay meeeeen ?!
Data "You will die slowly."
Data "What about a crack on the sconce ?"
Data "And what else ?"
Data "I've got no gold."
Data "That's all I have Sir."